---
title: "Bayesian Dynamic Factor Augmented Structure Learning: Cross-sectional Dependence for Residuals"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2021-BDFASL
excerpt: 'In recent years, the volume of economic and financial data has prompted econometricians to develop or adapt methods to summarize the information in these large databases efficiently. Additionally, the analysis of cross-sectional dependencies has been developed to utilize a large dataset. Among many issues in the cross-sectional analysis, we consider how to model and construct cross-sectional dependence. We propose the Bayesian approach to estimate the dynamic factor-augmented VAR model. As a result, we can obtain the contemporaneous connectedness as a graphical model of the cross-sectional dependence. In this paper, we estimate unobserved factors as principal components given the known number of factors. Then, we draw factors through the Gibbs sampler using the forward-filtering backward-sampling algorithm. For the transition matrix, we use a rescaled version of the spike and slab priors for our coefficients of lagged variables, which solves the matrices’ collinearity (or possible rank deficiency) when the number of variables is high-dimensional. We check the properties of the estimators derived from the rescaled spike and slab prior by converting the original Bayesian problem into the Frequentists’ ridge estimation problem. We show that the posterior mean asymptotically maximizes the posterior distribution by analyzing the sensitivity of the choice of priors of coefficients. Lastly, we use the fractional Bayes factor to implement the Bayesian graphical model selection based on the graphical VAR. MC simulation shows the performance of our estimation strategy, and we consider weak cross-sectional dependencies in U.S. house prices.'
date: 2021-09-01
paperurl: 'TBA'
citation: 'Song, Hayun. (2021). Bayesian Dynamic Factor Augmented Structure Learning: Cross-sectional Dependence for Residuals, Department of Economics, University of Southern California'
---
